all right sorry so the second thing I
want to talk about is really okay arts
you know we made a ton of progress this
week and I'm actually going to finalize
it tomorrow on okay arts for the
Galactica's project before there was
before this week there was a big
question of like who is focused on what
like what people are care about like
wanted specific areas of work are even
important to get attention and so this
week we got the chance to bang our heads
together and we kind of identified three
main areas that need a lot of attention
and need a lot of attention are saying
they will be good to get attention each
quarter because it will set us if you're
preparing us for the 2019 priorities so
one of the areas of attention is really
like the data exchange layer beat swap
and so on the other one is like data
store and pinning and you see the third
one is providers and so the providing
service and how to efficiently provide
information to the network without
smashing your network we started by we
started this process some weeks ago when
everyone after the retrospective kind of
got the opportunity to like communicate
what they think it's important to focus
on and this week we got to be on the
same table refresh our perspectives on
these priorities and then identify which
two things we need this very large team
which is the goalkeepers team could end
all these priorities and one thing that
was very productive is like it was very
clear that like not everyone had full
context about these subsystems or like
this areas but that's okay it's actually
a great opportunity for us to I do a lot
of knowledge transfer especially that we
have here and so we have have a lot of
these questions just about each of these
focus areas so I think I can go home and
more prepare to talk all these
challenges one of the V goals for this
quarter or something
make sure to put on the coyote ours is
really the pine the end of the quarter
we feel confident that like when we talk
about the subsystem of us and we need
some opinion some review we have more
than one person that can give us that
for you
so it should be someone else other than
Steven and so Steven will provide like a
lot of help doing a quarter or just like
dropping knowledge the other thing that
we also related to this one of the are
Z's we got the chance to check in on the
IPL video cameras as well and so Eric
who is part of the girl or deaf team is
now clear that like he's going to focus
specifically on guilty stuff of that
whole girl set of packages so it was
clear before that we have like a weed
peer-to-peer team within the girl for
that to you that Kelly team was kind of
like merged we didn't go at the offense
but now we are getting a little bit more
clarity I'm like okay there is a set of
goals specific to IPL be that are
important for both going to Paris and
Jessica fence and I because in general
and we only spreadsheets to explicitly
described those so you can also check as
a result of this week this spreadsheet
to see which new views on Erica any
questions on appears
cause my a quick - money okie I
participation one thing that we wanted
to get captured I forgot is that
yeah like okay I was I kinda like you to
this group again any one thing that I
got as a question was okay but like what
what does it mean for all the other
things I was working on at the moment
and so what we decided as a team would
like to focus on a set of priorities and
like to measure progress on those
priorities through okay arts and we'll
check it at me shaking a bit quarter and
then checking at the end of the quarter
and see how far we've gotten but like
when we went up cars really are planning
for sixty percent of our time and so
what it means is like you still have
forty percent to put out all the fires
and appear that we don't we can just not
predict and also to like use that time
for the things that you really care
about and you do get to report to the
team the things that invest your time
and they were successful at the end of
the quarter we run a retrospective where
everyone gets like a small section or
can be as long as you're invited to
another clip which is kind of like a
humble brag session which is okay and
also if that's a time on this and no
it's done and it's great and so yeah
don't don't feel they're like you are
now constrained from all the way working
who cares you definitely communicate it
to the team that you're going to focus
on those and people are going to use
those as a reference point of what they
can expect they don't know about the
other things that you are planning to do
only or forty percent are and so that
only commit like commit the 60 percent I
make sure they're like those get done
but also use a little bit of other time
to invest some things that you really
care about like
clever hacks that you have in mind if
you wanted to try on features like
whatever and and I at the end of a
partner will have a chance to recognize
in so
those as well well that's what I want to
do well okay